revert manifest to v2 and bump extension version (#1313)
paritytech/substrate-connect: projects/extension/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## 0.2.1 - 2022-10-18

### Changed

> - Revert the extension to manifest v2 format, for Mozilla support. ([#1313](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1313))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Revert the extension to manifest v2 format, for compatibility with Firefox. ([#1313](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1313))
```

The navigator isn't named Mozilla
